content/index.md, before:

---
title: Jürgen Leschner
appurl: https://jldec.me
favicon: favicon.jpg
twitter: '@jldec'
mobilemenu: true

icon:
  text: '@jldec'

fullwidth: true
hero:
  name: jürgen leschner
  text: product engineer
  tagline: |
    Building [extraordinary](https://x.com/jldec/status/1827055952916357609) things.
  icon: jldec.jpg
  actionlinks:
    - text: "Talk"
      href: https://calendly.com/jldec/30min
    - text: Resumé
      href: /resume

navlinks:
  - href: /blog
    text: Writings
  - href: https://x.com/jldec
    icon: Twitter
    text: All the tweets
  - href: https://github.com/jldec
    icon: GitHub
    text: GitHub
  - href: https://discord.gg/JrD8c7GbrZ
    icon: Discord
    text: My Discord
  - href: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jldec
    icon: LinkedIn
    text: LinkedIn Yo
  - href: https://calendly.com/jldec/30min
    icon: CalendarDays
    text: Book an Appointment

footer:
  text: (c) Jürgen Leschner
---

## > projects

- web publishing reimagined [presskit](https://github.com/jldec/presskit/) (Cloudflare workers AI)
- git-backed i18n platform [Inlang](https://inlang.com/) (TypeScript, SolidJS, RxJS)
- site generator [gitkitjs](https://gitkitjs.dev/) (SvelteKit, Tailwind, Cloudflare Pages)
- chiplet emulation platform: [Zero ASIC](https://www.zeroasic.com/emulation) (Python, AWS EC2)
- cloud development environments: [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/cde) (Google Cloud, GKE)
- Kubernetes [accelerators](https://docs.vmware.com/en/Application-Accelerator-for-VMware-Tanzu/index.html) (Java, go)
- serverless on Kubernetes: [riff](https://projectriff.io), [knative](https://knative.dev/docs/concepts/) (go, Java, JavaScript)
- static site hosting: [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com) (ruby on rails, nginx)
- static site generator and editor: [pub-server](https://github.com/jldec/pub-server) (node.js, javascript)
- cloud storage: CloudFoundry S3 emulator (node.js)
- cloud storage: EMC Atmos Compute Service (Java)
- photo sharing: Pi Photo (XQuery)
- desktop nosql database: PiStore (C++)
- xml database: Monadix (C# .NET)
- binary relational database: Collego Catalog DB -  (C++)
- dynamic html front end: Collego Catalog UI - (IE4 JScript)
- targeted news publishing: Siebel Interactive briefings (HTML & tSQL)
- my first commercial [website](https://web.archive.org/web/19961222064651/https://www.fmctraining.com/)
- catalog publishing: IBM PC Catalog (LotusScript, FrameMaker)
- CRM database: POINT (Novell Btrieve)
- word processor: MS Word for Windows v1.0a (C++)
- word processor: MS Word for DOS (x86 ASM and pCode, SNOBOL4)
- touchscreen + videodisc authoring: MIT Media Lab (Logo, MagicL)
- word processor: MIT course 6.170 project (CLU)
- Internet storage in 1983(!): MIT [LCS](https://web.mit.edu/Saltzer/www/publications/endtoend/endtoend.pdf) (unix & C)

Commit message:

Set canonical url to jldec.me, add tip in landing page (#2)

content/index.md, after:

---
title: Jürgen Leschner
appurl: https://jldec.me
favicon: favicon.jpg
twitter: '@jldec'
mobilemenu: true

icon:
  text: '@jldec'

fullwidth: true
hero:
  name: jürgen leschner
  text: product engineer
  tagline: |
    Building [extraordinary](https://x.com/jldec/status/1827055952916357609) things.

    > [!TIP]
    > Content in [this repo](https://github.com/jldec/jldec.me) is no longer being updated. [jldec.me](https://jldec.me/) is now being generated using [presskit](https://github.com/jldec/presskit). 
  icon: jldec.jpg
  actionlinks:
    - text: "Talk"
      href: https://calendly.com/jldec/30min
    - text: Resumé
      href: /resume

navlinks:
  - href: /blog
    text: Writings
  - href: https://x.com/jldec
    icon: Twitter
    text: All the tweets
  - href: https://github.com/jldec
    icon: GitHub
    text: GitHub
  - href: https://discord.gg/JrD8c7GbrZ
    icon: Discord
    text: My Discord
  - href: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jldec
    icon: LinkedIn
    text: LinkedIn Yo
  - href: https://calendly.com/jldec/30min
    icon: CalendarDays
    text: Book an Appointment

footer:
  text: (c) Jürgen Leschner
---

## > projects

- web publishing reimagined [presskit](https://github.com/jldec/presskit/) (Cloudflare workers AI)
- git-backed i18n platform [Inlang](https://inlang.com/) (TypeScript, SolidJS, RxJS)
- site generator [gitkitjs](https://gitkitjs.dev/) (SvelteKit, Tailwind, Cloudflare Pages)
- chiplet emulation platform: [Zero ASIC](https://www.zeroasic.com/emulation) (Python, AWS EC2)
- cloud development environments: [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/cde) (Google Cloud, GKE)
- Kubernetes [accelerators](https://docs.vmware.com/en/Application-Accelerator-for-VMware-Tanzu/index.html) (Java, go)
- serverless on Kubernetes: [riff](https://projectriff.io), [knative](https://knative.dev/docs/concepts/) (go, Java, JavaScript)
- static site hosting: [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com) (ruby on rails, nginx)
- static site generator and editor: [pub-server](https://github.com/jldec/pub-server) (node.js, javascript)
- cloud storage: CloudFoundry S3 emulator (node.js)
- cloud storage: EMC Atmos Compute Service (Java)
- photo sharing: Pi Photo (XQuery)
- desktop nosql database: PiStore (C++)
- xml database: Monadix (C# .NET)
- binary relational database: Collego Catalog DB -  (C++)
- dynamic html front end: Collego Catalog UI - (IE4 JScript)
- targeted news publishing: Siebel Interactive briefings (HTML & tSQL)
- my first commercial [website](https://web.archive.org/web/19961222064651/https://www.fmctraining.com/)
- catalog publishing: IBM PC Catalog (LotusScript, FrameMaker)
- CRM database: POINT (Novell Btrieve)
- word processor: MS Word for Windows v1.0a (C++)
- word processor: MS Word for DOS (x86 ASM and pCode, SNOBOL4)
- touchscreen + videodisc authoring: MIT Media Lab (Logo, MagicL)
- word processor: MIT course 6.170 project (CLU)
- Internet storage in 1983(!): MIT [LCS](https://web.mit.edu/Saltzer/www/publications/endtoend/endtoend.pdf) (unix & C)
